---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "abbey_grant_kit Resource - terraform-provider-abbey"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource grant_kit allows you to automate access control to sensitive data.
  This resource can be used to create access request workflows to help you with security and compliance. You can also add OPA-based access policies for your target systems to control access by roles, attributes, or time.
---

# abbey_grant_kit (Resource)

The resource `grant_kit` allows you to automate access control to sensitive data.
This resource can be used to create access request workflows to help you with security and compliance. You can also add OPA-based access policies for your target systems to control access by roles, attributes, or time.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The text describing what this Grant Kit is used for and what it can do.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of this resource.
- `output` (Attributes) The output represents how and where access changes should be made. This generates HCL code in a Terraform file at the `location` with either `append` or `overwrite` behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output))

### Optional

- `policies` (Attributes) The access policies that determine if the resource requester get access to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `workflow` (Attributes) The workflow for _how_ someone gets access to a resource. A workflow contains a list `steps` to be run sequentially. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output`

Required:

- `location` (String) An RFC 3986 URI. Supports `github://` only. Schemes such as `https://`, `file://`, and `s3://` to come in future releases.

Optional:

- `append` (String) Appends this UTF-8 text string to the file at `location`.
- `overwrite` (String) Overwrites the file at `location` with this UTF-8 text string.


<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Optional:

- `grant_if` (Attributes List) Determines the conditions for which this resource should be granted access to the requester. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--grant_if))
- `revoke_if` (Attributes List) Determines the conditions for which access to this resource should be revoked from the requester. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--revoke_if))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--grant_if"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.grant_if`

Optional:

- `bundle` (String) An RFC 3986 URI. Supports `github://` only. Schemes such as `https://`, `file://`, and `s3://` to come in future releases. You should use either `bundle` to contain your OPA Policies or supply them directly in the `query` field.
- `query` (String) The UTF-8 text string containing Rego rules using the Abbey OPA Framework.Rules should be written using `deny[msg] { ... }` for mandatory enforcement and `warn[msg] { ... }` for advisory enforcement.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--revoke_if"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.revoke_if`

Optional:

- `bundle` (String) An RFC 3986 URI. Supports `github://` only. Schemes such as `https://`, `file://`, and `s3://` to come in future releases. You should use either `bundle` to contain your OPA Policies or supply them directly in the `query` field.
- `query` (String) The UTF-8 text string containing Rego rules using the Abbey OPA Framework.Rules should be written using `deny[msg] { ... }` for mandatory enforcement and `warn[msg] { ... }` for advisory enforcement.



<a id="nestedatt--workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow`

Required:

- `steps` (Attributes List) The chain of decisions that needs to determine if access to a resource is approved or denied. Each step contains a list of `reviewers` that are responsible for submitting an approve or deny decision. A step may require approvals from `one_of` or `all_of` the reviewers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--steps))

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.steps`

Required:

- `reviewers` (Attributes) The list of Primary Identities, Secondary Identities, or Groups which are responsible for submitting an approve or deny decision. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--steps--reviewers))

Optional:

- `skip_if` (Attributes List) The condition that determines whether this step should be run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--steps--skip_if))

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--steps--reviewers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.steps.reviewers`

Optional:

- `all_of` (List of String) Require all reviewers in the `reviewers` list to approve in order to advance this step.
- `one_of` (List of String) Require only one reviewer in the `reviewers` list to approve in order to advance this step.


<a id="nestedatt--workflow--steps--skip_if"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.steps.skip_if`

Optional:

- `bundle` (String) An RFC 3986 URI. Supports `github://` only. Schemes such as `https://`, `file://`, and `s3://` to come in future releases. You should use either `bundle` to contain your OPA Policies or supply them directly in the `query` field.
- `query` (String) The UTF-8 text string containing Rego rules using the Abbey OPA Framework.Rules should be written using `deny[msg] { ... }` for mandatory enforcement and `warn[msg] { ... }` for advisory enforcement.


